Add tasks 1.8, 1.9, 1.10 to Superposition Kata (#1346)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/superposition/greenberger_horne_zeilinger/solution.md

> ### Solution
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The single-qubit GHZ state is the plus state $\frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|0\rangle + |1\rangle\big)$ that we've discussed in the first task. As a reminder, that state is prepared by applying a Hadamard gate.

The 2-qubit GHZ state is the Bell state $\frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|00\rangle + |11\rangle\big)$ that we've discussed in the two previous tasks.

The next one is the 3-qubit GHZ state:
$$|GHZ\rangle = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|000\rangle + |111\rangle\big)$$

Let's use the 2-qubit state as a building block to construct the state for 3 qubits. First, let's add a third qubit to the above state (on the right from the first two qubits).
Comparing this state with the desired end state, we see that they differ only in the third (rightmost) qubit:

> $$|\Phi^+\rangle |0\rangle = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|000\rangle + |11\color{red}0\rangle\big)$$
> $$|GHZ\rangle = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|000\rangle + |11\color{red}1\rangle\big)$$

Reviewer: I didn't leave a comment on this in the first round of review, sorry! I don't think `\color` tag works well in the new interface, it colors the whole end of the formula instead of just the piece that is needed, so we probably want to drop it. Making it bold instead works well
```suggestion
$$|\Phi^+\rangle |0\rangle = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|000\rangle + |11\textbf{0}\rangle\big)$$
$$|GHZ\rangle = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|000\rangle + |11\textbf{1}\rangle\big)$$
```

### Solution

> The single-qubit GHZ state is the plus state $\frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|0\rangle + |1\rangle\big)$ that we've discussed in task 1.1. As a reminder, that state is prepared by applying a Hadamard gate.

Reviewer: The tasks are not numbered in the new interface (you can see examples at https://quantum.microsoft.com/en-us/experience/quantum-katas - they just have titles), so we need to refer to them in some other way. Here, we can probably just say "in the first task", since that doesn't force the learner to count much

> The 2-qubit GHZ state is the Bell state $\frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|00\rangle + |11\rangle\big)$ that we've discussed in task 1.6.

Reviewer: "in the eponymous task" is probably too fancy? :-) Maybe "in the two previous tasks"?

Author: hah yes let's go with 'in the two previous tasks'

The next one is the 3-qubit GHZ state:
$$|GHZ\rangle = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|000\rangle + |111\rangle\big)$$

> Let's use the 2-qubit circuit as a building block to construct the circuit for 3 qubits. First, let's add a third qubit to the above circuit.
> 
> Comparing the state prepared by this circuit with the desired end state, we see that they differ only in the third (rightmost) qubit:

Reviewer: We need to rephrase this to account for not having circuits and talking about states instead. How about
```suggestion
Let's use the 2-qubit state as a building block to construct the state for 3 qubits. First, let's add a third qubit to the above state (on the right from the first two qubits).
Comparing this state with the desired end state, we see that they differ only in the third (rightmost) qubit:
```

$$|\Phi^+\rangle |0\rangle = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|000\rangle + |11\color{red}0\rangle\big)$$
$$|GHZ\rangle = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big (|000\rangle + |11\color{red}1\rangle\big)$$

Applying a controlled NOT operation using the first (leftmost) qubit as the control bit and the third (rightmost) qubit as the target qubit allows us to fix this difference.

> Similarly, the following circuit will prepare the GHZ state on four qubits $\frac{1}{\sqrt2} (|0000\rangle + |1111\rangle$

Reviewer: Let's drop this sentence, since it doesn't make sense without the circuit
